I love her stories.
I love her writing style.
I love her characters.
The whole time I was reading it, I couldn't help but think that Bracken was edgier, darker, more intense somehow than previous male leads of the series. 
When I saw that she had written this hand in hand with Embers, it totally made sense...it was like Bracken had a little bit of Knox in him. 
Which being that Knox is my number one book husband was scrumptious. 
This book followed the Wright pack book formula to a certain extent...but it also didn't.
The way Bracken and Madisyn come together is completely different than any previous book, the way their mating comes about is completely different.
I didn't dislike Bracken or anything he just didn't stand out to me in previous books.
Bracken blew me away. 
Who knew Bracken would be a yummy, sexy talking, panty melting beast?
Bracken Slater totally wowed me. 
He was super sexy, protective, a little damaged and at times dark, but still sweet. 
He also kicked major ass all over this book. 
I love that he not only fought his demons, but that he was open and honest about them to Madisyn. 
He had me madly in love with him 2 chapters in. 
Madisyn was perfect for Bracken. 
I love how Suzanne Wright takes these animals I know little to nothing about makes them her shifters.
Madisyn was no exception. 
She was a Pallas Cat, which I had never heard of till this book. 
A number of Youtube videos later and I'm in love with the cute little pallas cat. 
I love how Madisyn was strong but didn't stomp all over Bracken's fears or let him rule her. 
God but I loved her sass. 
And to say she kicked ass would be an understatement. 
She was amazing heroine.
Bracken and Madisyn were burning up my kindle. 
They had a smokin' hot connection and like I said up top Bracken was a beast. 
I enjoyed the plot very much, and I always love getting to read about my favorite couples from past books. 
This book had me cracking up from the start to finish. 
I mean cackling like a mad woman. 
I loved this book.
The book was so frustratingly simple and obvious and laid out. 
There is a \"quiver in his loins\" when he sees her in her transparent white dress as well. 
Oh and \"the two become one\" when they make love.
And then she is forced to leave when her fiance pays a surprise visit to down and she struggles to drive through her tears, but fights through the blurry vision because she is a strong woman like her mother... lalalalala. 
Could the book be any more contrived and gimicky?
Gag, gag, awful writing, what a frustrating bore.
I loved this book!!! 
I would recommend it to anyone, and it's by far the best romance book I've ever read. 
It's one of my favorite books, in general, ever!!! 
Maybe the book, but only because you get to see how hard it is for Allie to decide who she really wants to be with-Noah or Lon.
The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks is a story about two teenagers from opposite sides of the track who meet one fateful summer and fall in love for a lifetime. 
This novel was engaging and steady paced. 
I was able to read it in one sitting as I was drawn into the lives of Noah and Allie. 
Nicholas Sparks has created a poignant story about two people who try to recapture the love they once shared despite the passage of time.
Noah Calhoun is a simple boy with simple dreams. 
He loves poetry, his life in a small town, and a girl that was never meant to be his. 
Allie Nelson is accustomed to a life of riches and luxury, but she desires much more for herself. 
She loves art, music and spending time with a boy her parents do not approve of. 
As they explore their love for one another during their summer together, they realize that theirs is a love meant to last a lifetime. 
However, circumstances pull them apart for over 14 years and they are faced with trying to find a way to get back what they once had.
I enjoyed the story, but I feel the author could have spent a little more time telling the readers about Noah and Allie\u2019s reunion and a little more of what they went through to make a life for themselves. 
It was interesting to experience this story through the eyes of Noah as he enters the last chapters of his life. 
I feel the book was well written and the movie did a great job of bringing the main events to screen. 
One of the differences I noticed was the encounter between Allie and Martha. 
Martha was a love interest of Noah that never fully developed because he could not bring himself to move on. 
In the book, Martha leaves Noah well before Allie comes back into Noah\u2019s life. 
In the book, they break up after Noah and Allie spend the night together, so obviously the timing was off, but it still worked well.
In the book, their love was perfect and steady. 
